Oh Kimmy
hang on
he was great talking on
but it became unbeatable when he got a
seat
face the British school that's how we
met
what we'd like you to fix that is been
that inside arm open up the hips get
everything open up there's the pressure
down in there that is back more
horizontal instead of vertical twist
again but twist twist more lean angle
and slower fix it less lean angle and
faster what huh how gosh darn it how do
you win a championship you really can't
be upset the track right and crash your
brains out huh is that how you a
championship
track record and brings up the next lap
as you clean up some Athena angle no
fish race after race after race so you
guys go home today tonight tomorrow
Sunday night and you've crashed whoever
you go home to it's gonna be my man you
sure you need to do that how much is
that gonna cost
are you gonna be okay you gotta work on
your luck
more than ATP I understand
a rider King this Muscatine angle
compared to a rider carrying this much
lean angle every see the difference
right this rider accelerate harder this
rider can accelerate hard this rider can
brake harder this rider has got to think
so decked you can't accelerate and the
tires don't last
yeah we've noticed and we we've noticed
in when we go to track this first
session some guys are frighteningly fast
like wow do you see that guy going cuz
he's up on top of the bike we've got for
any times right tires are brand new and
they are sticking as the sessions go on
he gets slower slower and slower off the
track a couple times laying on the dirt
eventually he's gonna catch up so let's
think about fighting so for my buddy
find position good right there across
the state but but all across his feet
never stop it in the middle so right
there driving it out that whole cheek
off boom alright okay show us coming
down the straightaway towards turn
number one the left hander close but you
don't come down Bailey where almost
everybody as he comes down towards turn
everyone look what he's done he's done
sixty percent of his body movement right
now so everybody some we talking about
upstairs soon for you novices never sit
in the middle of a seat you never sit in
the middle seat the whole lap right so
he comes out of 14 come out of 14 fourth
right hand come on 14 drive that 14 goes
all the way across the seat he's tucked
in please all across the seat his butts
ready now he sits up on the brakes
boom now he lowers his chest helps to
the motorcycle and there's turn number
one right we see riders coming into turn
one in the middle of seat boy does it
get tough for me cuz they got to do four
things break down shift turn in and move
their body and I promise you they're
four to five miles an hour slower at the
turning point than us because they got
to shift the body just gets the way
they're breaking that fun last minute
body movement gets in the way of your
speed sensing going in that corner I
promise you so if you can all if you
could all make that adjustment and again
you watch gone pre show us concrete rob
riggle mill Seco mill see Ron pregel's
Mills
they're paid to win races anybody here
pay to win races we're gonna we're not
gonna worry about the last little bit
they're fit but before they get the
break comes all the buckles off and
they're up on the brakes
watch watch it do any of it watch stone
okay watch Valentino right cameras here
he's Anila seat butter go on he'll set
up in the breaks I promise you if they
didn't do it we wouldn't teach it you
understand that you've gone free didn't
do it we would've teach and if you're
thinking to yourself man girl you got to
talk about I'm just doing track days
there's no big deal I'm with street
rider street riders you got about 14
feet cars coming in guardrails 14 feet
let's put a tree 6 feet 8 feet left
let's put a car 4 feet your lane you got
4 feet to hitting right you got to put
your bike in 4 feet you think gone
freeze hard put your bike in 4 feet they
drop the brakes cars in your lane you
hit the car it's just fault you're in
the hospital his fault he is cross the
center line you got go your brakes all
we thought we cared about Humphrey same
thing we'll survive first 16 riders
within one second
yesterday you understand that so let's
comp 1000 1000 won 16 riders just went
by understand thank you y'all are
thinking sitting there going oh these
guys I can't see using my brake turn in
realize over there you just lost 1.1
seconds you just have a teeth on the
grid it will survive so if you think
that we're beating up on little things
but to the side of the seat going on the
straightaway one second you're on the
fifth rope right
my buddy Chris Paris coach him up coke
that I coach and that's what I need you
the whole field was covered in two
seconds 34 people in world super split
so if you're two seconds off 1,001 1,002
you went home so all this stuff that we
talked about we were gone in the pillar
school I mentioned that guys we worked
with Freddie Spencer school we let that
for him and it was a great deal more
than you
my girls have fun here so anyway the
Miller is Hillary Buckley came to the
program and they saw what we did and
they saw how it worked they saw how few
crashes and the gigantic improvement get
people riding and Miller's gonna start
the school unofficial right now but I
think it's gonna be Miller combined with
the top level bike maker so keep an eye
on that if you would come on rival moon
camp all right thanks